feat(biome_js_analyse): added new rule noMagicNumbers (#6562)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/no_magic_numbers.md

---

> "@biomejs/biome": minor
> ---
> 
> Added [noMagicNumbers](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/4333) rule.
> The rule detects and reports the use of "magic numbers" — numeric literals that are used directly in code without being assigned to a named constant.

Reviewer: Nursery rules can be released in patch versions:

```suggestion
"@biomejs/biome": patch
---

Added [noMagicNumbers](https://github.com/biomejs/biome/issues/4333) nursery rule.
The rule detects and reports the use of "magic numbers" — numeric literals that are used directly in code without being assigned to a named constant.
```

> ## Example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Example:
```

It's best to not use headers in changesets, otherwise they break upstream services such as renovate.

If you want to use them though, they should be `####`. In this case I think it's not needed
